- 报错：[DRC NSTD-1] Unspecified I/O Standard: 23 out of 95 logical ports use I/O standard (IOSTANDARD) value 'DEFAULT', instead of a user assigned specific value. This may cause I/O contention or incompatibility with the board power or connectivity affecting performance, signal integrity or in extreme cases cause damage to the device or the components to which it is connected. To correct this violation, specify all I/O standards. This design will fail to generate a bitstream unless all logical ports have a user specified I/O standard value defined. To allow bitstream creation with unspecified I/O standard values (not recommended), use this command: set_property SEVERITY {Warning} [get_drc_checks NSTD-1].  NOTE: When using the Vivado Runs infrastructure (e.g. launch_runs Tcl command), add this command to a .tcl file and add that file as a pre-hook for write_bitstream step for the implementation run. Problem ports: ddr3_addr[14], ddr3_dm[3], ddr3_dm[2], ddr3_dq[31], ddr3_dq[30], ddr3_dq[29], ddr3_dq[28], ddr3_dq[27], ddr3_dq[26], ddr3_dq[25], ddr3_dq[24], ddr3_dq[23], ddr3_dq[22], ddr3_dq[21], ddr3_dq[20]... and (the first 15 of 23 listed).

[DRC UCIO-1] Unconstrained Logical Port: 23 out of 95 logical ports have no user assigned specific location constraint (LOC). This may cause I/O contention or incompatibility with the board power or connectivity affecting performance, signal integrity or in extreme cases cause damage to the device or the components to which it is connected. To correct this violation, specify all pin locations. This design will fail to generate a bitstream unless all logical ports have a user specified site LOC constraint defined.  To allow bitstream creation with unspecified pin locations (not recommended), use this command: set_property SEVERITY {Warning} [get_drc_checks UCIO-1].  NOTE: When using the Vivado Runs infrastructure (e.g. launch_runs Tcl command), add this command to a .tcl file and add that file as a pre-hook for write_bitstream step for the implementation run.  Problem ports: ddr3_addr[14], ddr3_dm[3], ddr3_dm[2], ddr3_dq[31], ddr3_dq[30], ddr3_dq[29], ddr3_dq[28], ddr3_dq[27], ddr3_dq[26], ddr3_dq[25], ddr3_dq[24], ddr3_dq[23], ddr3_dq[22], ddr3_dq[21], ddr3_dq[20]... and (the first 15 of 23 listed).


- 原因：常在移植代码中出现此问题。位宽不匹配，可能代码中例化mig核时例化了32位，而xdc文件是16位